The goal of this activity is to get you navigating the directory of a computer
using bash commands, learn how to compile and execute code in various
programming languages, and to give you a deeper understanding of a computer's
filing system.

The theme of the game is that you are a programmer here on earth assisting with
the launch, navigation, and execution of a spaceship's mission to inspect 
various nearby planets with the potential to support life. The game has a few
tasks for you to complete:

The game is to be played from its home directory titled "Bash Scavenger Hunt". Ensure that you are no further back in your filing system than this before executing any command. 

Task 1:

We have been given a lot of loose files in the directory. We should organize
them into new directories using the mkdir and mv commands. There are four
categories: navigation, fuel, launching, and instructions. Make four separate folders and
put each file into its appropriate folder. The names of these folders are not
important to ensuring that the game works, but at the same time, they should
have a simple, yet descriptive, name. All of the cheat sheets can go into the instructions directory.


Task 2:

There are 3 steps to execute:

- Fuel the ship.
- Launch the ship.
- Create the navigation directory.

Each of the three steps has a txt file and a code file for you to execute. Read the txt file for information on how to run the code, as each is written in a different programming language, and requires different commands to execute. To view one of these files, we can use the cat command. It would look something like this: cat [filename].

Task 3:

Using filtering using the grep command or findstr command on windows, we are to filter the Planets directory down to 1 habitable planet.

We however first must execute ./downloadPlanets.bat to get our list of planets to navigate towards. Ensure this file is in the home directory of the game [Bash Scavenger Hunt] prior to its execution. It can be moved with the mv command:

mv [filename] [directory]

We can "pipe" one command into another using this symbol: "|". This takes the output of one command and puts it into the input of another. We will pipe an ls command into a findstr command to filter our list of planets down to one. In that directory, you will notice only one folder contains an empty text file titled "correct.txt". Once you find this file, the scavenger hunt is finished and you have completed the game.

ls | findstr "b"

The above command finds all the folders in the current directory that contain the letter b. The quotation marks are important for this.

Hint: On clue 3, pay attention to the capitalization.

You will be left with one planet in the end.

